eHealth's Medunova Search Engine aims to provide a user/patient quick and easy access to information about a prescription drug. This search engine is fairly similar to PayPal’s Assistant here a user can put in an issue and an algorithm developed by PayPal searches through relevant data regarding the issue and returns relevant data to the question in hopes that it is answered. If not, they are redirected to a Customer Support Agent. (Found at https://www.paypal.com/ca/smarthelp/contact-us). Additionally, our product bears the title of search engine, it is easy to compare it to Google. However, our engine specifically deals with a product monograph sheet to answer specific questions rather than providing a large variety of results from the internet - in short they are very different and no competition is expected. Our product operates similarly to PayPal’s Assistant but serves a different purpose as a patient can ask a question about the drug they have been prescribed and receive correct information regarding their question. For example: “How often do I take said drug”, “Do I take this drug after I eat”, and the search engine would search through the product monograph for relevant data on that specific question, if it couldn’t they would be instructed to contact their local pharmacist. A competitor like PayPal could painstakingly adjust their search engine for the Assistant deliver answers about prescription drugs if they were provided product monographs of drugs, they aren’t because they’re not in the pharmacy business. Additionally, this holds true for most other search engines like PayPal’s Assistant. Due to this fact, our product wouldn’t face competition because currently there are no search engines that are tailored and optimized to search through product monograph sheets on prescriptions like how our product is intended to do. In short, our product is designed to be quick and efficient and steer clear of our competitors as utilization of our engines differ greatly.